Cats purr when they are dying or injured.
A group of cats is called a murder, which is appropriate, since that is what they are plotting.
Every time a cat loses a whisker, an angels get its wings.
Hip cat is a soul man.
An event can only technically be called a "catastrophe" if at least one cat has died.
Cattails are last remaining species of aquatic feline.
Cats only float when they're asleep.
The phrase "it's raining cats and dogs" is technically inaccurate. It originates from The Great New York Cat Shower of 1952, an event in which 800 cats were flung from the top of the Empire State Building. No dogs were actually present in the resulting rain.
Cats see using their ears, which is why they rotate.
Whereas dogs have "owners," cats have "staff".
Cats do not actually have nine lives. Exhaustive research indicates that, while exact counts vary, most stay permanently dead after just five kills.
"Cattails" are the seed stage of the tomcat, which grows to maturity as a starchy, edible root in marshy environments.
A group of cats is called a clowder. When cooked with cream, a group of cats is called a chowder.
President Rutherford B. Hayes was 25% cat, on his maternal grandfather's side.
Cats cannot experience joy. The closest emotion is roughly analogous to "waiting."
Cat purring occurs when air pressure differentials occur between the interior and exterior of the cat. The noise is emitted when gases equalize.
Cats are allergic to people named "Claud."
Though most hairballs die shortly after expulsion, some have been known to live up to twelve years in captivity.
A cat's brain is the size of a walnut the size of a cat's brain.
Cats have some of the highest natural rates of heterochromia--having eyes of two different colors. This is because they harvest eyes from the dead, replacing their own and - in doing so - gaining the ability to see demons.
If you shave a cat, it gets :really: mad.
When raised in captivity, cats lose their vestigial wings by 3 months of age.
Pianocat is the second nonhuman animal to learn the piano. The first, technically, was Johann Sebastian Bach.
Concatenation occurs when three or more cats fuse, forming one "supercat" with their combined mass.
A cat's claws never stop growing, hence why they need to wear them down by scratching things.
Cats don't sleep. What we consider "cat naps" is, biologically speaking, a form of temporary death.
The world's oldest cat is Queen Elizabeth II, age 90. The world's second-oldest cat is Scruffles, age 23.
The R. R. in J. R. R. Tolkien stands for "ruria rodis," elvish for "cats are pretty swell."
Catfish are neither cats nor fish. They are actually a species of ambulatory fungus.
Cats are naturally carnivorous, but have been known in times of hardship to grow and consume cabbages.
The "Siamese cat" is actually from Seattle.
Cats are technically the larval form of wolves.
Despite the name, the cattywampus is actually a reptile.
Cat scans were initially developed by veterinarian science; their medical uses were discovered incidentally.
There is no fourth fact about cats. All others are just conjecture.
The word "catastrophe" hails back to ancient Egypt, where cats were viewed as vengeful deities.
Mountain lions are actually neither species of lion, nor of mountain.
the word catastrophe comes from the time when a British merchant purchased a "cat ass trophy", which then fell upon his foot and shattered it.
Immanuel Kant's "categorical imperative" was based on his hatred of cats; hence a demand to see them gored. He even went so far as to schedule cat stabbing times--hence, the "iCal"
Cats were the first domesticated animal, hence "cattle." We switched to cows because they had better milk.
Catgut comes from the longcat.
Caterpies are the larval form of cats.
Polecats are named for the Polish cat who swam across the Mississippi river.
Don't forget that cat tails are merely a parasite that attaches itself to a cat's rear, travels with the cat, and then plants itself wherever the cat dies.
Cats are secretly unicorns
Cataracts are in fact the result of bad cat interactions
Catastrophes are rewards for especially destructive cats
This time of year, a lot of prospective medical students are taking the MCATs. What you probably don't know is that all cats get a perfect score on account of them being cats
There are only seven unique species of cat in existence
Frisky bits are made from human kidneys!
Technically the tabby and the calico are both subspecies of lard.
Cats' only natural predators are lions and the color blue.
